So here is the course project in the state we last left it and reserve is already running in a terminal
and now I want to add routing.
Now let's start with the Ruge routes where the routes for our overall application before we then dive
into the child Rodd's you'll learn how to add such routes and therefore here's a challenge for you.
Try implementing the main routes of your application so to load the recipe page and the shopping list
page on your own.
So right now I will give you a couple of seconds to pause the video and try this on your own.
Then we'll implementor's to Gebre.
So where are you successful.
Here is my solution for the route routes.
I will add app routing module as shown in the routing section.
So let's add it in the app folder the app routing dot module dot TS file.
Now in there as you learned we're going to export typescript class which is called app routing module
and this module has only one purpose.
It will provide the routing to our application.
It will bundle all the routing functionality so to say.
Now here we need to add energy module to this class to transform it from a normal typescript class into
a single or module.
And for this we also need to import Engy modules here at the top.
Now Engy module takes a javascript object in which we can configure it in greater detail.
However we won't need to configure dad much for our routing module.
Mainly we will need to register our routes.
So let's set them up first.
I'll add a constant named app routes and this will be of type routes just like that.
Now routes needs to be imported from an Anglo router and as you learned routes simply is just an array
of javascript objects where each object represents a road.
So let's add the first road.
Now which routes do we need.
As mentioned a route which loads our recipe section and a route which loads our shopping lists section.
So let's start with the recipes.
I'll set up a puff of which will be displayed in the your L and which will allow us to go to that route
and let's say recipe is.
Sounds like a good power for this so that you can Wizard your domain and then slash recipes to reach
us around.
Now when we wisit recipes I want to load the recipes component so I'll assign that component to your
the recipes component.
And of course we need to add to import off that component.
So make sure to add this at the top pointing to the recipes folder and then the recipes start to component
file.
That's our first route added.
Of course one route is not everything we need here.
We all need a second route so I'll quickly duplicate this.
And here I now want to target shopping list.
So let's set up this route too.
And here of course the goal is not to target the recipes component but instead we want to target the
shopping list component.
Our second main route and asked you recipes component we need to import this and asked the import statement
at the top.
With that we get two routes to load.
And we also get a problem when we first visit the page.
We will navigate to neber of the two.
We will just wisit the path with well basically an empty parve.
So just our domain slash nothing.
Therefore we should add a number lbf here another route here I want to target an empty path.
So basically the path we will reach when we load the app for the first time and year we could ever also
load the recipes component but that's not really what I want to do.
Instead here I want to redirect to slash recipes so we'll redirect to and now slash recipes.
Now let's try implementing it like this in my engine module here.
I now will import the router module like that.
You have to imported from a singular router on the router module we can call for root and we should
pass our app routes to configure this router module angler's ships with with dead our routes are now
configured and added to the angular router.
Now since we are in the extra module here and we want to get this into our main module into our app
module I need to export is readily configured router.
So I will add the exports array here and simply export rowdier module.
Now important here without calling for food because we already did that.
Now its really all about exporting this configured router with that configured and exported here.
We can go to the app module and here in the imports array we should import our app routing module and
of course also add does import here at the top so that you make sure to import AB routing module from
that slash app routing dot module from this file with this routing was added to the application.
Now we need a place for England to render our roads.
So that is something I will set up right now in the app component here where we currently use our NGF
trick to decide which route should be loaded.
Well here I will remove this approach and instead add the outlet to mark the place where the angular
router should render decompose and we should load depending on the path we are at.
With that we get a place to load our routes.
Now we get no links as of now.
We will add them soon.
But lets first check if this all works.
So of Engy server running I will save this to trigger the recompilation and then I will have a look
at the running app here we get an error and the error message gives us a hint on how to fix this.
But what's the issue.
The way we configured it we will always redirect the router because the default matching strategy off
the router is for the path it will see if it's a prefix of the current path and the empty pove which
is our redirect route if you check it here.
This Routier uses an empty path and therefore this is part of any route we visit because again the matching
strategy is prefix.
So it will check if this empty parve is a part of the total path.
And of course it is.
It's part of every path.
So that wasn't a problem when we were redirecting from let's say something to somewhere else because
now we had a very specific path and of course we would also redirect something slash anything else but
it would not be part of every route.
Well MT path is part of every route.
It's easy to be fixed.
And actually the error message told us how to do that.
We have to at the path match property here and set this to full does override the default of prefix
and says now only redirect if the full path is empty.
So we won't redirect on any other pauvres with this if we saved this and we reload the page.
Here we see it.
This now works.
And we were redirected to.
I can demonstrate as if we reload the page again and we're gone to recipes.
And if I try loading the shopping list off that also works.
So navigation works.
Now the goal is to hook up the links and our navigation because that of course right now is not working
anymore.